vinyl: support PP/NP iterator type (#11174)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-10647-vy-pp-np-iterator.md

## feature/vinyl

> * Added support for 'np' (next prefix) and 'pp' (previous prefix) iterators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for the `np` (next prefix) and `pp` (previous prefix) iterators
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!
